brown
People with brown eyes have a geneticlly lower risk of getting type 1 diabetes as well as melanoma of the eye compared to people with different coloured eyes.
blue
Blue eyes are only blue becuse of the lack of pigment found in the eyes. Becuse of this, people with blue eyes have eyes more sensetive to changes in light.
hazel
Hazel eyes are the only type of eyes that can have traces of all other colour pigments found in them.They also only one of two colours that can be found in solid rings in the eye.(the other being brown) 
amber
People with amber coloured eyes have such a specfic combination of pigments that make up their eye colour, that over time the majority of people with hazel eyes tend to turn brown with age.
green
Over 16 different genes are involed in creating the green colour in the eyes. This makes the colour green the most gene heavy naterually occuring eye colour in the world.
red/violet
This colour is unquie in that it is the only colour where the intensity of the red colour is dependant on how close blood flows to the eye, rather then being based off pigments like others.
heterochromia
People who are born with heterochromia are usally born immune with harmful affects that are assoicated with it, such as poor/loss of vison, weak blood flow and light sensetivity.
other
The majority of those born with unquie indivuall eye colors are often born with them due to gentic mutations at birth.
asia
Asia is Earth's largest and most populous continent, it is known to hold the most diverse range of living indignous groups to this day.
africa
Africa has eight of the 11 major biomes and the largest-remaining populations of lion, elephant, rhinoceros, cheetah, hyena, leopard and hundreds of other species.
europe
Europe houses the two smallest countries in the world: 1.Vatican City which is located inside Rome/Italy. 2.Monaco which is bordered on three sides by France.
south america
Five of the top 50 largest cities in the world are located in South America, and starting with the largest, these are Sao Paulo, Lima, Bogota, Rio, and Santiago.
north america
Lake Superior the Largest Fresh Water Lake in The World is located in North America
osceania
Oceania is the only place in the world that is home to monotremes—mammals that lay eggs.
male
The Y chromosne that gives males their sex charaterics are acutally devloped through a mutation and is belived that over time the frequcy of male mutations devloping will drop over time until eventully reaching zero
female
There are cases where a females can be born with 3 X chromosnes rather then the usasal 2, these types of people are referred to as metafemales
intersex
Being born intersex happens to be much more common then people realise witht the chance of being born intersex is the same as being born with naterually red hair